Update our landing page (#95)
MinBZK/ai-validation: docs/index.md

> ---
> title: Home
> summary: Documenting the processes and work of the AI Validation Team at the Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom
>     Relations (Min BZK) in The Netherlands.
> ---

Reviewer: In the `mkdocs.yml` we have a site_description, so we could remove it here.

And maybe a personal preference, but I prefer not to have a "Home" page. What do you think of using `Welcome!` instead?

```suggestion
# Welcome!
```

Author: Took most of this on board (but kept "Home")

> Here we are documenting the processes and work of the [AI Validation Team](About/team.md) at the Ministry of the
> Interior and Kingdom Relations (Min BZK) in The Netherlands.

Reviewer: What do think of adding a reference to the site of the Ministry?

```suggestion
Here we are documenting the processes and work of the [AI Validation Team](About/team.md) at the [Ministry of the
Interior and Kingdom Relations](https://www.government.nl/ministries/ministry-of-the-interior-and-kingdom-relations) in The Netherlands.
```
